I have thought about this project not only as a means to fluidify my workflow but also as a form  of exercise.
After all, what is a mage withut a few hexes of their own?

First and foremost, I have managed to separate this program into a few more or less self contained smaller files.

As of now I do not yet posses the foresight to see al of the possible challenges that writing this tool may pose

Configuration:
	- It is hard to tell exactly what piece of information is required to setup and run this tool.
	For now it saves a directory for each website and whether or not it is a git repository,
	such that I may know whether or not to git push once a problem is solved without having to check the directory

Login:
	- I initially had a pretty good idea of how this would be achieved, but upon examining the Project Euler page,
	I realized I had not accounted for something: Captchas
	Unfortunatly, my spellbook is devoid of Captcha thwarting incantations, I shall thus refer
	to the council of all exisiting mages and craft one of my own

	How many more surprises of this kind lie ahead? One can only guess

---------------------------

	For their craft surpasses mine.. so far

	This
	It is like a battle, spread across time and space
	Spells and hexes flow forth, but none seem to break the barriers established by my predecessors
	I must bow to their greatness and contemplate their craft with awe
	This captcha is invisible in the eyes of what  have summoned
	Nay, I say, no matter. In time , I will prevail

	Gone are all the hopes,
	For hours I fought against this login page. Alas! Nothing will do.
	It is not a matter of strategy for the one I have crafted seems reasonable, but a matter of execution
	How could I, a mere novice in the arcane art of web scraping, hope to defeat the masters?
	The tools at tmy disposal seem unwanting to cooperate..

	O Selenium, endow me with thy power and thy wisdom,
	Let my browser be virtualized and my urls be accessed
	What must I do, 0 Selenium, for thy power to be mine?

	But I have one more trick up my sleeve, come forth... cookies..

------------------------

	It seems very unlikely that I will be able to submit to Leetcode, though I haven't tried quite as hard as
	I should have
	Project Euler is a major pain, the defensive spells are way above my skill level. Fortunately it is not too
	hard to get the problem prompt, and I have found a list of answers...
	Though the most interesing thing might just be the forum... Oh well, we shall do without

	Advent of code is the by far the easiest in terms of getting input and submitting answers.
	And thus the Challenger shall soon be completed....

------------------------

	Retracing my statement from yesterday...
	I am now able to submit answer to Project Euler, and it all thanks to Archmage Buho, hailed be His Name
	He, a master in the scraping of the web has thaught me much, but perhaps the most valuable of all...
	There was no need for fancy spells or elaborated tricks, a simple one did the work, though the  key was to find the correct, well, key
	There were 3 whilst I thought there were only one..
	I must seek to observe more with these two eyes of mine, sometimes the solution hides in plain sight



IMPORTANT:
	- As this requires mutltiple modules to function properly, it is imperative to, once the program is completed, add
	the logic to check whether these dependencies are present and to install them if they are not; So far, the following spellbooks have been used
	BeautifulSoup (bs4)
	Pillow
	Tesseract (pytesseract) - Insalling pytesseract also installs Pillow
	xml
	selenium
	pipenv ?
	phantomjs
